docs: updates for payable method calls in user-guides (#2034)
ApeWorX/ape: docs/userguides/contracts.md

@external
@payable
def withdraw():
    self.wdAmount = msg.value
```

Notice the contract has an external pure method, an external method that modifies state, and an external payable method that also modifies state using the given `msg.value`.
In EVM languages, methods that modify state require a transaction to execute because they cost money.
Modifying the storage of a contract requires gas and thus requires a sender with enough funding.
Methods that accept value are `payable` (e.g. `msg.value` in Vyper); provide additional value (e.g. Ether) to these methods.
Contract calls, on the other hand, are read-operations and do not cost anything.
Calls are never payable.
Thus, calls do not require specifying a `sender=` in Ape.

At the RPC level, Ethereum calls are performed using the `eth_call` RPC and transactions are performed using the `eth_sendTransaction` or `eth_sendRawTransaction` RPCs.

The following sub-sections show how, using Ape, we can invoke or call the methods defined above.

### Transactions

The following example demonstrates invoking a contract's method in Ape as a transaction.
Remember: transactions cost money, whether they are payable or not.

> Payable transactions cost more money, because the contract-logic accepts additional value (e.g. Ether).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Payable transactions cost more money, because the contract-logic requires additional value (e.g. Ether) to be forwarded with the call.
```

print(receipt.gas_used)
```

> To provider additional value to a payable method, use the `value=` kwarg:

Reviewer: Maybe add an example showing `value="0.1 ether"` as well

Author: [1f1e2ae](https://github.com/ApeWorX/ape/pull/2034/commits/1f1e2aef89dd15260be9db1e295b51f10bba2fa1)
